Updated  'Weighing Machine ' exercise. (#1672)
exercism/csharp: exercises/concept/weighing-machine/.docs/hints.md

- [Properties][docs.microsoft.com-properties]
- [Using Properties][docs.microsoft.com-using-properties]

> ## 1. Allow the weighing machine to have a precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Allow the weighing machine to have a precision
```

> A get only property that can be intialised only from the constructor.

Reviewer: Hints are usually listed as a list (this comment also applies to the other hints):

```suggestion
- A get only property that can be intialised only from the constructor.
```

While we're at it, maybe rephrase a little bit to be a bit more "directive":

```suggestion
- You need to add a `get`-only property to store the precision in.
- You can initialize the `get`-only property from the constructor (and only from the constructor).
```

Reviewer: Is there perhaps a page to link to that describes a get-only property?

Author: @ErikSchierboom 
What do you think about this: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2719699/when-should-use-readonly-and-get-only-properties

## 2. Allow the weight to be set on the weighing machine

> A property with a private [backing field][docs.microsoft.com-properties-with-backing-fields] is appropriate here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You should add a property with a private [backing field][docs.microsoft.com-properties-with-backing-fields].
```

## 3. Ensure that a negative input weight is rejected

> Add [validation][stackoverflow.com-validating-properties] to the `Weight`'s `set` accessor to throw an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `value` keyword is used to refer to the value the caller wants the property to have.
- Add [validation][stackoverflow.com-validating-properties] to the `Weight`'s `set` accessor to throw an exception when the value is invalid.
```

## 4. Allow a tare adjustment to be applied to the weighing machine

> `TareAdjustment ` is a good candidate for an [auto-implemented property][docs.microsoft.com-auto-implemented-properties].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You should add an [auto-implemented property][docs.microsoft.com-auto-implemented-properties] for the tare adjustment.
```

> ## 5. Ensure that the weighing machine has a default tare Adjustment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 5. Ensure that the weighing machine has a default tare adjustment
```

> You can initialize [auto-implemented property][docs.microsoft.com-auto-implemented-properties] similarly to fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can initialize an [auto-implemented property][docs.microsoft.com-auto-implemented-properties] like you can initialize a field.
```

## 6. Allow the weight to be retrieved

> Perform the right calculation in the `DisplayWeight`'s `get` acessor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You should add a `get`-only property in which the correct display weight is calculated.
```
